I
jaws jaws I thought you said it was a
play about a fish well a shark but the
title is meant to be evocative well the
problem I've seen with that play right
is that all animals have jaws so there's
really no way of knowing that it's a
fish's jaws that you're referring to its
it's like naming a play nice because
there's just stabbing in it well it's
playing into the fear lurking in the
unknown you see in this play this shark
is attacking a small fishing village
well can't they just stay out of the
water I mean that's an easy solution
next idea well say that most of the
citizens in this village gained their
seasonal wages from a yearly am a
festival that they throw during the UM
the summer solstice yes people from all
different villages come to enjoy it and
the presence of this beast would
endanger the festival because of you
know the old saying you yell at
Barracuda people say what huh but you
yell at shark you have a panic on your
hands during the summer solstice
festival they could still have the
sources festival they just to stay out
of the water it's a it's the easiest
thing in the world you were you don't
want cholera stay away from the poor you
don't want to be heading don't drop that
when you're juggling it you don't want
to be equalled by a fish stay out of the
water but a shark but there's a
constable and he warns all the citizens
of this danger but they don't listen oh
hi I think I see exactly where you're
going with this the constable warns the
people they don't listen they hold the
solstice festival and on the day of the
solstice festival the villagers gathered
at the water's edge and watch helplessly
as a young boy is taken under by this
creature and devoured and they're so
incensed by this that they command the
constable to take it upon himself to
kill
every child in the village so as to
deprive the fish of its full source well
me speaking personally I don't know if
having the constable kill every child in
the village in order to deprive the
shark of the enjoyment of losing bone
the problem is that brings us right back
to not going in the water in the first
place well let's say the constable
decides that he must hunt and kill the
shark so he gathers a team of mariners
there's a shark scholar and the
constable and then and then a rough-hewn
fishmonger a man who has experience
hunting this type of Leviathan after
days out at sea the men are tired
they're hungry and they see the Beast
and they discover that it is indeed so
massive that the vessel they've brought
is too small and they should have
commissioned a larger one so they're
they're going to need a bigger vessel
yes my lord you see play ride I I do
worry about the logistics of staging a
play about a fish a shark I would we see
the fish the shark and we're on the land
for nearly the first hour so we need not
see the piece perhaps a thin or too but
mostly just implication a play about a
killer fish that we don't see for over
an hour a killer shark and yes for
suspense my oh god no that won't do at
all we need to see it we need to see the
head the tail though damn thing they
need to know this is a play about a fish
attack it wasn't any boating accident it
wasn't any propeller it wasn't any coral
reef that wasn't Jack the Ripper this
was a fish shark
you